## Version 1.4
### Numeric Value
* New option `ignoreTrailingStrings` (default: `false`).

## Version 1.3
### Conditional Visibility
* After visibility has been recalculated for all elememtn, a `updated.conditionalVisibility` event is triggered.

## Version 1.2.1
* Relax gemspec version requirements: Can now be used with Rails 6.

## Version 1.2
### Conditional Visibility
* The current state of an element with conditional visibility can now be queried with `$(...).data('visible-if-state')`.

## Version 1.1.2
* Relax gemspec version requirements: Can now be used with Rails 5.

## Version 1.1.1
* Relax gem version requirement for Sprockets: Can now be used with Sprockets 3.

## Version 1.1.0
### Numeric Value
* The rules for deciding if “german” parsing rules should be used have changed: Instead of only looking at the `lang` attribute of the `<html>` element, now the first `lang` attribute found on the input element itself or any of its parent elements is considered. (This means, that the `lang` attribute of `<html>` will only be used if there are no intermediate elements with different `lang` attributes.)

## Version 1.0.0
### Conditional Visibility
* Breaking: Option `skipAnimations` has been removed. To force re-evaluation of visibilities without animation (e.g. after the DOM has been modified), use `$(...).trigger("setVisibilities")` instead (this is already done automatically on `pageready`.)
* New option `animate`: Use `$(...).conditionalVisibility({animate: false})` if you want conditional visibility to work completely without animations.


## Version 0.2.0
* Add $.fn.numericValue().

### Conditional Visibility
* Make events triggering visibility re-calculation customizable.
* After an element is shown / hidden, a `shown.conditionalVisibility` / `hidden.conditionalVisibility` event is triggered.


## Version 0.1.0
* Add $.fn.conditionalVisibility().
* Now requires CoffeeScript.


## Version 0.0.2
* Now supports forms generated by Formtastic.
* Return 'this' from formChangeTracker() to make it chainable.


## Version 0.0.1
* Initial Version
